First iteration (#445)
swan-io/docs: changelog/2025/2025-10-09.mdx

---
title: 9 October 2025
type: release
---

## Improvements

> 📭 We've implemented a Regex to enforce better formatting for the [`postalCode`](https://api-reference.swan.io/inputs/complete-address-input/#completeaddressinputpostalcodestring--) field in physical addresses when ordering cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📭 To improve data quality for physical card orders, we now use a regex to enforce better formatting of the [`postalCode`](https://api-reference.swan.io/inputs/complete-address-input/#completeaddressinputpostalcodestring--) field in physical addresses.
```

rewrite for clarity - and regex is lower case (checked previous changelogs)

## API updates

### Upcoming breaking changes

> 🔍 Starting **November 12th**, the [`onboarding(id: ID!)` query](https://api-reference.swan.io/queries/onboarding) may return `null` when no onboarding exists for the given ID, instead of always returning an [`Onboarding` object](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/onboarding).

Reviewer: This and the section below are all related to Nov 12 onboarding API updates right? They should sit together under one November 12 heading.

🔄 On **November 12th**:

> - The [`verificationFlow`](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/onboarding-info/#onboardinginfoverificationflowverificationflow---) field will be removed from the [`OnboardingInfo` object](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/onboarding-info/). This field is deprecated and no longer serves any purpose.

Reviewer: Perhaps grouping all the "removed" fields into one section. i.e. "Field removals: the following deprecated fields are being removed:
- verificationFlow from the XYZ. This was replaced by XYZ. 

etc.etc.

- The [`title` field](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/individual-ultimate-beneficial-owner#individualultimatebeneficialownertitletitleenum-) will be removed from the [Ultimate Beneficial Owner (UBO) object](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/individual-ultimate-beneficial-owner/). It has been deprecated and replaced by the [`gender` field](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/individual-ultimate-beneficial-owner#individualultimatebeneficialownergendergender-).
- The [`onboardingState` field](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/onboarding-info/#onboardinginfoonboardingstateonboardingstate-) will be removed from the [`OnboardingInfo` object](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/onboarding-info/). This field is deprecated and no longer serves any purpose.

### Updates

> 💸 On **October 19th**, we will introduce the following updates to the `initiateCreditTransfers` endpoint to improve its usability and clarity:

Reviewer: Is this also a breaking change? Why does it sit under "Updates"?
